fix: verifying if both app and environment is enterprise to enable (#29683)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/small-rice-repair.md

> ---
> '@rocket.chat/meteor': minor
> ---
> 
> Avoid an enterprise app to be enabled in a non-enterprise environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
'@rocket.chat/meteor': patch
---

Fix validation in app status call that allowed Enterprise apps to be enabled in invalid environments
```
